Am I any didn't the doctor tell you to stay in bed married soon. You're rushing out to go. Mary Lucy
Let's go
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't think about I'm gonna need a doctor. No, okay, it hurts
But I would feel much better if you're me
Thank you. I miss you
That's enough
What if your mom or fiance walks in? I don't need that kind of drama. Okay. She's not not your fiance
She's four months pregnant. I'm not stupid
You cheated on me. You're revolting
Our baby is going to be blessed her mighty
But first when you take out some obstacles along the way
Hello, I don't have much time. So what is the leaf?
I've got a list of all the names from the clothing store plus I've got all the camera footage for you
I gotta say that your fiance is a little suspicious bro. Hello
Yeah, I'll be right there
Chris you forgot your money. That is so good to see you. I do you have the info by Esper. Oh, it's good to see you too. I got you
Yeah, I've got everything you need. I've got the um Brown's family financials for the past two years plus
I've got a Lucy's itinerary for the past six months now
I I got to ask if Lucy's Chris's fiance, I mean, why are you both investigating her?
I was investigating her Henry, please stay out of this
What didn't you declare her your eternal assistant at the press conference?
You know what? I am not interested in getting involved. Oh, please stay out of this matter with Lucy
And you stay out of ours
Chris buddy
Staring my fianceing off a lot should it be jealous fiance? Did she agree to that?
Well, no, but she will in your dreams
See both the Evans and the Browns are not some old alliance that goes back generations the relationship only started three years ago
Well, that's why dad
licensed tea
We can control the smaller companies
Right, I just don't know why they decided to claim to be dr. D
Seems strange
Why would the Evans back a failing company like the Browns?
Why do you still care? You still have a thing for Chris? Oh, no, no, no, he just saved my life
I'm trying to repay the favor then we'll be even sure sure
Still
Why would he risk his life to save you?
Surprising I thought he didn't care. He's just like that
He saved me a party three years ago. That's what I felt for him
But I'm not gonna make that mistake again. This cannot all be a coincidence
Lucy, what are you up to Daniel? I can take care of getting myself home
So you don't have to follow me around all day, okay? Are you sure?
Absolutely
Well, take care of yourself and the little baby
How are you doing here? Oh, oh, don't tell me you ran out of places to squat now that everybody knows you're not the tech genius
You claim to be here to tell you in person
That Chris and I have set a date for our wedding
So Miss executive assistant
Eris
Dr. T
None of it matters
You'll always be the one not chosen
Please
To me, you're not even competition
You'd be nothing without your rich family
What do you have to be proud of?
Now I'm only gonna say this one time
Get lost Lucy. I'm just here giving out our invitation leave
Unless you're here to
Cancel the wedding. I'm leaving
Did she do anything to you?
For our families
There is no such thing as rumors
Leave the truth
Mercy has don't raise mistresses
Leave
No
You have never been a mistress and you never will be
Not a mistress
You're engaged to someone else
What would you call that? What does that make me?
I mean you sure treat me like I'm a mistress
Okay, you think they're right to do that?
Oh, listen
Now get out
Listen
I will give you every single thing that you have ever wanted
But not yet
I'm a Garcia
I already have everything
I don't need you
Remind me
In the coming days there's going to be a big surprise
Whatever you hear or see
Don't believe it
Because when that curtain drops
I'm going to give you every single thing
That you have ever wanted
I'm interested
Need to be interested
Guess I want to give it to you
Today LMCEO Chris Evans is marrying his fiancé Lucy Brown
This grand event will be broadcast live globally
Why are you torturing yourself?
It's tacky and it's boring
Make it not boring
Let's go watch it live
You want to go to the wedding
You get tickets to a show you might as well sit front row
I'm Henry
Um
I am the host and officiant of this
What should we call this?
A romantic union
But more importantly
A financial event that will for sure move the market
Mr Evans
You're a low-key guy
Why do you feel the need to broadcast this live?
Well
I have a surprise
For the bride
A surprise
You must really love her don't you
I mean after all
When she pretended to be Dr. T you you forgave her
Good man
Now for the bride
How do you feel that Chris did all of this for you?
Over the moon happy
God never forsakes his believers
Well
I think it's time to say this
Do you take this man
To be your husband
I do
Wait
Chris has a smile so as the wedding began
I seriously doubt he loves Hermione
Not Lucy
You're not welcome here you need to leave now
Oh really
Mother
She actually is my special guest
Now I promised you a show
And I see if you're the best seat in the house
What's happening?
Are they changing brides or something?
Have you lost your mind?
What are you doing?
Now I told you you were not a mistress
And you never were
Now
Let me prove it to you
John
I've memorized Mrs. Evans route
You pretend to rob her
I'll step in and stop it
That's how we'll get close to the Evans family
And we'll be set for life
Go get him tiger
That was three years ago when she saved me from robbery
You fooled me
I trusted you and you played me
I'm calling the cops
AI generated it's all fake
Probably from the Garcia family
She's just jealous
That I'm about to marry Chris
If the video's fake
Then who's that guy?
You used me Lucy
I helped you get close to Mrs. Evans
And you promised me a cut
And then you sent me away overseas
And tried to help me kill
You sure you don't know him?
No I don't know him
He's just a criminal to me
Oh you know me
I recorded even when you had me fake the rape attempt
Attempt on Mrs. Evans
Even then baby you're carrying his mind
Shut your mouth
I supported you for all these years
Feeling guilty?
For almost sacrificing my son's happiness for you
You were just scared that I was going to expose you for your past
The rape?
You!
Mother?
Let it go
The law will handle her
Sir?
Do you believe me now?
Maybe
Well
Her mighty
And you know I don't care if you're
An assistant
Or a billionaire heiress
I've always loved you and
And only you
Will you marry me?
You have an executive assistant?
Oh you are
And think you might do